hello and welcome to verified live we
start with breaking news from the Middle
East where Israel says its forces have
rescued a hostage in the southern Gaza
Strip an Israeli government spokesman
said kah faran alhadi a bedin Arab was
recovered during a complex rescue
operation well these are the latest
pictures of the 52 Old being transferred
to a hospital for further checks his
condition has been described as stable
well these are the live pictures coming
to us from the hospital where of course
the various family and friends have
gathered because these details only
emerging in the last little while and
there will be tremendous tremendous
relief and joy for that particular
family as the anguish goes on for the
other other 108 hostages still being
held these the live pictures of this 52
old freed after so many days in
captivity uh we are learning all the
while about just the details of that
rescue operation these the pictures
hugely relieved and uh delighted hostage
released in the last few minutes as we
continue to watch these pictures let's
bring in our correspondent from
Jerusalem John donison and John we're
watching the live pictures and family in
his arms but uh tell us what details are
you hearing about the rescue
itself well the Israeli military has
just given a briefing from their Chief
spokesperson Daniel hagari and they
didn't give too many details that they
said Mr aladi was rescued in a complex
operation carried out by the Israeli
Army and Israel's intelligence service
for shinb in the southern Gaza Strip
they didn't give an exact location but
they said that he was rescued from a
tunnel uh now Mr aladi is a 52-year-old
father of 11 he is a bedwin Arab citizen
of Israel and he was one of
251 uh hostages who were taken in that
crossborder raid by Hamas on October the
7th last year you mentioned the joy for
his family and you could see it there I
saw his brother saying this was like a
new birth in the family and they thank
God just saying they were overwhelmingly
happy some Rel for Benjamin Netanyahu
because he's been under Relentless
pressure from the hostage families you
had that leak only a few days ago which
was very very difficult for the Prime
Minister yes and actually as we were
just coming into work today I was uh
reading on the wires that there have
again been protests today from hostage
families who are blocking major highways
in Israel because they believe that
prime minister Netanyahu has not done
enough to obtain a hostage release and
ceasefire deal uh with Hamas so this
will be something that the Israeli
government can get hold of I saw the
defense minister yoab Galant uh praising
the forces that were uh involved in this
operation there are still between 60 and
70 hostages being held in Gaza who are
thought to be alive and around 30 or so
more who are presumed to be dead and
their bodies still being held so there
is enormous pressure on still uh for Mr
Netanyahu to get those remaining
hostages out John donison there in
Jerusalem thanks very much well John was
talking about the IDF spokesperson
giving the details The Briefing of that
rescue in the last little while let's
hear a little more from Daniel
hagari we cannot go into many details of
this special operation but I can share
that Israeli Commandos rescued K forhan
eladi from an underground tunnel
following accurate intelligence his
medical condition is stable and he will
undergo examination in hospital his
family had been waiting
326 days to receive the news they did
today but there are still 108 hostages
whose families are still waiting to hear
news that their loved ones are home and
they should know that we will not rest
we will not rest until we fulfill our
mission to
bring all our hostages back home well
that was Daniel hagari just a
clarification those pictures we were
showing you the live pictures a moment
or two ago from the hospital that was
his brother there with one of the family
so those pictures of the joy of the
family but the 52-year-old in there
currently undergoing check X